# Frontend Repository

This is the frontend repository for our project. It is mainly build with React Native and Typescript.

This REAMDE document details the necessary steps to get your application up and running.

## Set up the project

### Clone the repo

First you need to clone the repository, you can do this with:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/TIC-2023-GMC/FrontEnd-TIC-2023-GMC.git
```

### Dependencies

#### Yarn

We use Yarn to manage our dependencies. Please refer to the official documentation to install it.

#### Install Dependencies

Remember you need to locate inside your project folder:

```
$ cd FrontEnd-TIC-2023-GMC/
```

Here you can install all the project dependencies with the following command:

```
$ yarn install
```

#### Adding new dependencies

To add a new dependency, you can use the following command:

```
$ yarn add <package-name>
```

Yarn will change the `.lock` and  `package.json` files, so you **have** to commit and push these so the whole team can have the same package versions.

## Run the app

To run the application, you can use the following command:

```
$ yarn start
```

This will prompt a QR code that you should scan with the EXPO mobile app.

## Check your code

We use Prettier and Lint for formatting our Typescript code and check for errors. To check your code, run the following commands:

```
$ yarn check-format
```

```
$ yarn lint
```

## Format your code

You can format your code by running the following command:

```
$ yarn format
```

## Contribution guidelines
When you work on your code, you should checkout to "develop" branch:

```
$ git checkout develop
```

And fetch all the changes with git pull:

```
$ git pull
```

Then, you must checkout to your work branch (generated by every task):

```
$ git checkout <branch-name>
```

When you are done with your work, we recommend adding the files you modified with the following command:

```
$ git add <filename>
```

Then, you can commit your changes with:

```
$ git commit -m "<commit-message>"
```

>>
**NOTE**: The <commit-message> should have the following structure: <br>
>*PAWQ-[#]: "[message]"*

Where [#] is the number of the task you are currently working for, and [message] is the actual commit message.

Finally, you can push your changes to your work branch with:

```
$ git push
```

Remember you need to create a Pull Request (PR) once you have pushed your changes and these comply to the GitHub Actions config.
